gh-91266: refactor bytearray strip methods (#32096)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-04-13-07-14-30.gh-issue-91266.6Vkzzt.rst

> Refactor the `bytearray` strips method `strip`, `lstrip` and `rstrip` to use a common implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refactor the ``bytearray`` strip methods ``strip``, ``lstrip`` and ``rstrip`` to use a common implementation.
```
